today on DIY with designer Co we're
making this boho bracelet from our July
edition of designer kit for today's
project you'll need two pair of needle
nose pliers one pair of wire cutters
crimp beads a toggle clasp for jump
rings two bracelet extenders beading
wire and seed beads unravel the wire
being careful not to bend or kink it
measure generously around your wrist use
wire cutters to cut the wire to the
desired length string one crimp bead
onto the end of your cut wire add one of
the bracelet extenders to the wire
through the last hole on either end
bring the wire over the bracelet
extender and back through the crimp bead
drag the crimp close to the bracelet
extender using needlenose pliers pinch
the crimp bead flat give it a tug to
make sure that it's secure string beads
onto the wire the first bunch should be
strung over both the long and the short
wire until the short wire disappears
within the beads to measure the beading
length wrap the beaded wire around your
wrist when the end of the beading just
touches the bracelet extender you have
the perfect fit add a crimp bead to your
wire add the other bracelet extender to
the wire being careful to thread it
through the coordinating hole with the
other side of the bracelet bring the
wire over the bracelet extender and back
through the crimp bead and the first
regular bead hold the two pieces away
from each other to close up the loop and
bring the extender up to the beads pinch
the crimp bead flat once the crimp beads
are secure cut off any extra wire with
your wire cutters repeat these steps on
each of the ten holes
open a jump ring connect a second jump
ring to the first one link the bar end
of the toggle clasp to the second jump
ring open another jump ring link the
other bracelet extender to the loop end
of the toggle clasp using the jump ring
close the jump ring today's project was
from our July edition of designer kick
get yours at designer kit comm enter
coral at checkout and receive a bonus
project in your first kit if you liked
today's project don't forget to check
out our other designer kit projects at
the links below